V0.15.0 RC -- DO NOT MERGE! (#1223)
LLNL/RAJA: RELEASE_NOTES.md

                    with a common year-month release tag are compatible and to
                    make the association amongst them clear for users. If an 
                    individual component requires a patch release independent 
                    of the others, the release for that component will be 
                    labeled 2022.03.1, for example, to indicate that it is one 
                    patch release beyond the original combined Suite release.

  * New features / API changes:
      * BREAKING CHANGE: RAJA OffsetLayout constructor was changed to take
        (begin, end) args (where end is one past the last index) instead of
        (first, last) args (where last index was included). This is consistent 
        with expected behavior and other RAJA Layout/View concepts.
      * New experimental features that support SIMD/SIMT programming by 
        guaranteeing vectorization without the need to rely on compiler
        auto-vectorization. Basic documentation for this is included in the
        RAJA User Guide and should provide enough description for interested
        users to try it out. 

>       * "Flatten" policies were added for RAJA Teams. This reshaping 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * "Flatten" policies were added for RAJA Teams. This reshapes
```

Author: fixed

        multi-dimensional GPU thread blocks to 1D.
      * RAJA Teams now allows a single execution policy to be provided. 
        Previously, it required two; e.g., a CPU policy and a GPU policy.

>       * ROCTX suport has been added to enable kernel naming with RAJA Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * ROCTX support has been added to enable kernel naming with RAJA Teams.
```

Author: fixed

      * Details of CUDA and HIP errors are now added to the reported exception
        string. Previously, this information was going to stderr.
      * All CUDA execution policies have been expanded to allow users to specify
        a minimum number of blocks per SM, if they wish to do that. An analogous
        capability for HIP execution policies is being hashed out. 
      * Changes were made to RAJA scans to address a consistency issue and

>         allow an array corresponding to an input span to passed as
>         a const pointer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        allow const pointers to be passed as the input span.
```

Author: fixed.

      * Additional feature support and improvements have been made to the 
        RAJA SYCL back-end (please see the RAJA User Guide for more 
        information):
         * "nontrivially copyable" SYCL interface has been removed 
           (i.e., 'RAJA::sycl_exec_nontrivial<...>' and 
           'RAJA::SyclKernelNonTrivial<...>') as these constructs are no longer
           needed when using recent updates to the Intel OneAPI compiler.
           Execution is now dispatched based on the C++ 'is_trivially_copyable'
           type trait.
         * Support for RAJA::kernel loop tiling policies is now available for
           SYCL execution.
         * The naming scheme for SYCL 'group' and 'local' policies has been
           changed from 1-based to 0-based for block dimensions.
         * The use of the SYCL atomic OneAPI extension namespace has been 
           cleaned up.

  * Build changes/improvements:
      * AS OF THIS RELEASE, RAJA REQUIRES A C++14-COMPLIANT COMPILER TO BUILD!! 
      * AS OF THIS RELEASE, RAJA REQUIRES CMAKE version 3.14.5 or newer.
      * The BLT submodule is updated to v0.5.0, which includes improved

>         support for ROCm/HIP builds.Although the option CMAKE_HIP_ARCHITECTURES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        support for ROCm/HIP builds. Although the option CMAKE_HIP_ARCHITECTURES
```

        to specify the HIP target architecture is not available until CMake 
        version 3.21, the option is supported in the new BLT version and works 
        with all versions of CMake.
      * The camp submodule is updated to v0.5.3. If you do not use the submodule
        and build RAJA with an external version of camp, you will need to
        use camp v0.5.3 or newer.
      * The "RAJA_" prefix has been added to all CMake options. Options that 
        shadow a CMake or BLT option are turned into cmake_dependent_option 
        calls, ensuring that they can be controlled independently and have the 
        correct dependence on the underlying CMake or BLT support;
        e.g., RAJA_ENABLE_CUDA requires ENABLE_CUDA.
      * The camp_DIR export has been removed. Camp paths will be searched 

>         using the default logic which consistent with camp.

Author: fixed

      * The raja-config.cmake package file is now "relocatable", meaning it
        can be moved to another directory location after an install and still
        work. This should make it easier to use for applications that use 
        RAJA and CMake, but do not use BLT.
      * CMake logic for using CUB in RAJA for a CUDA build has been changed.
        The default behavior is now that when the CUDA version is < 11, the
        RAJA CUB submodule will be used. When the CUDA version is >= 11, the
        CUB version that is included in the associated CUDA toolkit will be 
        used. Users have the ability to override these defaults and select
        a specific version of CUB if they wish.
      * CMake logic for using rocPRIM in RAJA for a HIP build is similar.
        The default behavior is now that when the HIP version is < 4, the
        RAJA rocPRIM submodule will be used. When the HIP version is >= 4, the

>         rocPRIM version that is included in the associated ROCmM toolkit will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        rocPRIM version that is included in the associated ROCM toolkit will 
```

Author: Fixed.
